gDropboxCVS v0.1 

gDropboxCVS it's a simple script to use in combination with a Dropbox account to have 
a minimalistic control version system for anyone with a Gnome Desktop. gDropbox it's perfect
for individual projects or shared with only few people.

Usage sample:
Mike is a developer whom uses two computers and he would like to keep a project syncronized
between both. So, after working on his project, Mike launches gDropboxCVS and select "upload 
changes to dropbox" the software syncronizes development and dropbox folder (just the modified 
files). Later, at home, Mike launches gDropboxCVS and selects "download changes". Both folders 
are now syncronized.

If Mike wants to restore some file he can just look up for it in his dropbox folder and 
overwrite the local version. But if mike had uploaded the changes to Dropbox he could still
open Dropbox web interface and look up for the desired version using "Previous versions" menu. 

But why we need to push changes? Why can't I use Dropbox folder directly? 
By the same reason other developers use SVN or GIT, we edit a lot of times same files when
developing and we don't want to upload each change. Sometimes we want to revert changes 
or sometimes we want just to upload work only when it's finished. 

How do you do uploads and downloads?
Using the huge potential of rsync.  

INSTALL
0. gDropboxCVS needs zenity in order to work. 
   To install zenity in ubuntu: $sudo apt-get install zenity
1. Be sure your Dropbox folder is correctly configured and active
2. Create a "cvs" folder under your Dropbox folder (you can choose other name).
3. (optional) Edit gDropbox.sh and specify your CVS folder, local folder and project name
   so you won't need to specify them each run.

Hint: Put this script under Dropbox cvs folder and you'll  can use the same config in 
      all your machines!

USAGE
Just run gDropboxCVS clicking on it and follow the instructions

LICENSE
GPL v3.0 http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html 
You are free to coppy, distribute, modify, fork, bla, bla, bla...(you know all that stuff)
